# About The College

The establishment of the College of Computer Science and Engineering in Al-Kharj Governorate started in 1426H with the establishment of the Department of Computer and Information Sciences as one of the departments of the Faculty of Science in Al-Kharj Governorate (College of Science and Humanities) and its attachment to King Saud University. The study began in the academic year 1427/1428 AH.

 On 27/9/1428 AH, the Royal Decree No. 8626 / MB was issued, which included the establishment of the College of Computer Engineering and Science in Al-Kharj, and its attachment to King Saud University. The Computer Science Department was then attached to the Department of Computer Engineering, Information Systems, and the Department of Software Engineering, and began the study in college in the academic year 1429/1430 H, in the Department of Computer Science only. During the academic year 1429/1430 AH, the study plan for the Department of Computer Science and the design of study plans for the other academic departments was developed. The plans were designed to conform to international standards and modern developments in the fields of specialization and labor market requirements. After the adoption of the new academic plans for the college, the study began in the departments of computer engineering and information systems in the academic year 1430/1431 H.

On 3/9 / 1430H issued the Royal Decree No. 7305 / MB, which included the establishment of Al-Kharj University in Al-Kharj Governorate, and on 12/10 / 1432H, the Royal Decree No. 45388 issued the name of the university to Salman bin Abdulaziz University. 5 / 1436H changed the name of the university to the University of Prince Sattam bin Abdul Aziz, and since that time became the Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering one of the faculties of the University of Prince Sattam bin Abdulaziz in the province of Al-Kharj.

